I thought it was amazing it was they do
a lot of great aerial things over the
stage and over the over the audience and
it looked it looked pretty dangerous so
that was pretty cool
amazing that they were able to do what
they did and not have accidents and so
we thought we had made it through the
end of the show with without anything
happening and we're grateful for that
and then the the cable snapped or
something I'm not sure what exactly
happened but we did see him fall into
the pit we heard of somewhat of a loud
thump and then a screen from a female
assuming it was possibly MJ and still at
that point we're not quite sure if it's
actually scripted or not because there's
been all kinds of you know action scenes
and noises coming you know kind of a
surround sound type of effect all over
the theater so we weren't exactly
certain until that was continued silence
we continued to cry it was it was very
loud 34 times I don't think she said
anything in particular you know as she
spoke crying out and then we heard call
911 when they brought the stretcher out
there was a huge round of applause
similar to a football player getting
injured and then getting up off the
field and walking off yeah we'd love to
have seen the ending and of course we
you know that's kind of minor compared
to you know the actor getting hurt so we
hope he's doing
Oh